#LyX 1.5.5 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 276
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass ucbthesis
\begin_preamble
\SuspendPrologue % don't print all beginning crap until near finished
% have this so I can look at individual chapter/appendix pdf without having to go the whole thing

\OnePageChapter
\end_preamble
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 0
\use_esint 0
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Ode to Spot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Standard

\backslash
OnePageChapter
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
line in the preamble is used because this chapter/appendix is 1 page long
 (for page numbering)
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
(Data, Stardate 1403827)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent
Throughout the ages, from Keats to Giorchamo, poets have composed 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

odes
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 to individuals who have had a profound effect upon their lives.
 In keeping with that tradition I have written my next poem \SpecialChar \ldots{}
 in honor of
 my cat.
 I call it\SpecialChar \ldots{}
Ode\SpecialChar \ldots{}
to Spot.
 (Shot of Geordi and Worf in audience, looking mystified at each other.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quotation
\noindent
Felus cattus, is your taxonomic nomenclature 
\newline
 an endothermic quadruped,
 carnivorous by nature? 
\newline
 Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses 
\newline
 contribute
 to your hunting skills, and natural defenses.
 
\newline
 I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations, 
\newline
 a singular developmen
t of cat communications 
\newline
 that obviates your basic hedonistic predilection
 
\newline
 for a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
 
\newline
 A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents; 
\newline
 you would not be
 so agile if you lacked its counterbalance.
 
\newline
 And when not being utilized to aid in locomotion, 
\newline
 It often serves to
 illustrate the state of your emotion.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent
(Commander Riker begins to applaud, until a glance from Counselor Troi brings
 him to a halt.) Commander Riker, you have anticipated my denouement.
 However, the sentiment is appreciated.
 I will continue.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quotation
\noindent
O Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display 
\newline
 connote a fairly well-develo
ped cognitive array.
 
\newline
 And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend 
\newline
 I nonetheless
 consider you a true and valued friend.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
